It’s been seven years since I last saw her beautiful round face, since
I last heard her subtle voice, or since I last felt her heartbeat against my ear.
The last memory I have of her is when she kissed me goodbye before she left to go into town.
The next thing I knew, there were knights swarming our humble little house on top of the hill.
One of them was shaking me and asking me where she was.
I was so confused, and I didn’t know what to say so I ran away as fast as I could through the woods and into the town.
It was a Sunday, so Zenith would stop by the monks who sold their bread on the street.
Blacwin, the monk who was there, said that he hadn’t seen her.
I spent the day looking for her, but I eventually just gave up and waited back at the house.
The knights were gone.
My heart was racing with the different places she could have gone and why the Kings knights would have showed up
looking for her.
Clang!! I suddenly heard a loud noise coming from the backside of my house.
Clang!! There it was again! I hurried through the kitchen to go outside and see what was happening.
A small green creature was hopping around clanging my pots and pans together.
I thought it was some sort of rabid animal at first but then it said “What are you looking at ugly”.
I was so surprised I almost screamed. “I am NOT ugly” I yelled back. How could such a small and weird call ME ugly.
The creature looked me up and down then rolled its eyes. He was hooping closer to me and then he told me
“Look, I don’t care about you. I am just here to deliver a message.
Your girlfriend has been a part of a secret society of women who use magic to try and take down the king.
She didn’t tell you because she was blood sworn to secrecy.
The king has known for several months now that there was a secret society trying to take him down.
He just didn’t know who was a part of it.
He only found out Zenith was a part of it when a scumy little rat man saw her using magic to heal a hurt dove.
He sold her out to the king and now the king has her captured!
You must go through the dungeon of the castle to try and rescue her.
Time is of the essence because once the king finds out that he cant get any information from her he will kill her or
keep her for himself. The dungeon will have levels and tricks that you must get through so that you can rescue her”
For the past seven years I have been trying to find a secret entrance to the dungeon. I have finally found that entrance and now I must defeat all the levels to rescue Zenith!!

